Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
NARRATOR: Once upon a
time. there was a young man
who believed there was nothing
more important than a wish.
Not just any wish. of course.
The one that drives your heart.
The one that makes
you who you are.
But he also understood just
how impossible it can be
to make that wish come true.
How easily dreams
can be destroyed.
And so. he set out to
do something about it.
He studied the magic
of the world tirelessly
and became a mighty sorcerer.
able to protect from
harm or ill will.
any wish given to him.
and for the good and the worthy.
even grant that wish.
The sorcerer didn't know if
the world would want his gift.
But he and his loyal wife
found the most perfect island
deep in the Mediterranean Sea.
And there they built a
kingdom like no other.
where anyone. any family.
no matter where they
came from. were welcome.
Can this boat go any faster?
(MAN GAGS)
NARRATOR: And to their
joy. people came.
settled there from far and wide.
gave their wish and appreciation
for his protection.
and with the very real hope
it could one day be granted.
(GOAT BLEATS)
And everyone agrees
there is no one
more deserving...
- (GOAT BLEATING)
- than my grandfather.
(BLEATS)
- A most loving...
- (BLEATS)
- (QUICKLY) ...and handsome...
man who turns 100
years old today.
Oh. that's it?
- Now you're done talking?
- (BLEATS)
Valentino's never done talking.
(CHUCKLES) If only we
could understand you.
(BLEATS DISAPPOINTEDLY)
The King has called a
wish ceremony today!
- (LAUGHS)
- Oh! Oh. Oh!
This is it!
No. it can't be a coincidence
the King is calling
a wish ceremony
on your birthday.
Putt. putt. putt.
and knock on wood.
Tonight's your night. Saba.
I can feel it.
Asha. let's bake a cake.
Oh!
(INHALES SHARPLY) Uh...
- (HESITANTLY) No.
- But I love cake.
I mean. I... I can't.
- I'm giving a tour and then...
- Hmm.
Um. I'm helping.
I'm helping Dahlia.
- Yeah. So. eh... (CHUCKLES)
- SABINO: Hmm.
- Why'd you say it like that?
- Like what?
What are you up to?
What makes you think
that I'm up to something?
Because I know your pauses.
I'm maturing.
My pauses are changing.
Asha!
Can't talk now.
I'm gonna be late.
- (BLEATS)
- Oh.
I'll see you at
the wish ceremony.
SABINO: Oh. I
wouldn't miss it.
I've got a good
feeling about it!
(PLEASANT MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm here!
I'm here. I'm here.
Whew! Just one second.
Let me catch my
breath. (CHUCKLES)
Hola. shalom. salam.
Everyone ready?
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
(SINGING) ♪ Welcome to Rosas ♪
♪ Come on. come this way ♪
♪ Where the greatest ♪
♪ creations are all on display ♪
♪ There's no other place ♪
♪ just as full of surprise ♪
♪ Where your dreams and ♪
♪ your reality can collide ♪
♪ You wanna dance on beat? ♪
♪ Or to have hair touch ♪
♪ down to your feet? ♪
♪ Go to outer space ♪
♪ Well. hey. you've come ♪
♪ to the right place ♪
- (ALL GASP) ♪ - 'Cause here ♪
♪ In the city of Rosas ♪
♪ You can turn all your ♪
♪ wanting to wishing ♪
♪ No what ifs and no wonders ♪
♪ Oh. here. in the
city of Rosas ♪
♪ It's unlikely that ♪
♪ you'll be unhappy ♪
♪ With so much to discover ♪
♪ A home for me. for you ♪
♪ And all of us ♪
♪ The city of Rosas ♪
- (BOY GIGGLES)
- (CROWD GASPS)
♪ So. like. we have this ♪
♪ king named Magnifico ♪
♪ And he built Rosas ♪
♪ many years ago ♪
♪ - With lightning for ♪
♪ hands ♪ - (GASPING)
♪ And eyes that can glow ♪
♪ No. no. no. I'm
totally kidding. ♪
♪ But he is powerful ♪
♪ He's just like us ♪
- (BLEATS) ♪ - With a twist ♪
♪ And someone that ♪
♪ I'd like to kiss ♪
ASHA: Oh. dear!
♪ A magic swish ♪
♪ And there you have it. ♪
♪ poof! There's your wish ♪
♪ Ooh. and hey. did I ♪
♪ mention when you turn 18 ♪
♪ You get to give your ♪
♪ wish in a ceremony ♪
♪ And he keeps them safe. ♪
♪ every wish he acquires ♪
♪ And once a month ♪
♪ He grants someone's ♪
♪ greatest desire ♪
♪ It could be you someday ♪
♪ Or my Saba Sabino's ♪
♪ Oh. I can't wait ♪
♪ Does it hurt? ♪
♪ Do you cry? ♪
♪ Oh. no and you ♪
♪ won't even miss it ♪
♪ When you say "goodbye" ♪
♪ 'Cause here ♪
♪ - In the city of ♪
♪ Rosas - (ALL GASPING) ♪
♪ You can turn all your ♪
♪ wanting to wishing ♪
♪ No what ifs and no wonders ♪
♪ Oh. here. in the
city of Rosas ♪
♪ It's unlikely that ♪
♪ you'll be unhappy ♪
♪ With so much to discover ♪
♪ A home for me. for you ♪
♪ And all of us ♪
♪ The city of Rosas ♪
- (MUSIC ENDS)
- (ALL CHEERING)
I'll give my wish.
Do you really forget your
wish once you give it?
You forget without regret.
- I want to meet the King.
- You're in luck.
There's a wish ceremony tonight.
You're welcome to
stay and watch.
- BOY: I love food!
- Enjoy.
WOMAN: This is amazing!
MAN 1: I want to live
here. MAN 2: So do I.
WOMAN 2: I'm never leaving.
WOMAN 3: This is delicious!
- Help me!
- Huh?
Best friend and honorary
doctor of all things rational.
my interview is in one hour.
and I'm so nervous I think
I'm going to explode.
- (VALENTINO BLEATS)
- Interview. What interview?
- Dahlia?
- (CHUCKLES)
You mean the interview
with our velvety sweet
buttercream of a king.
Oh. please don't
say it like that.
My best friend. the
King's apprentice.
I'll be famous.
I have forgotten how to
talk. I have no words.
Is my mouth drooping? I
feel like it's drooping.
(TRILLS LIPS)
Quick. ask me an
interview question.
Okay. Asha. what's
your weakness?
Weakness? Um...
I get irrational
when I'm nervous.
No. no.
You care too much.
I do? Wait. Is
that a weakness?
That's why it's perfect.
You're welcome.
- Just relax.
- (BREATHES DEEPLY)
You're surrounded by friends.
(SNORING)
(SNIFFING)
(GASPS) Cookies?
- ALL: Cookies.
- I like cookies.
- Me first.
- Look out.
GABO: Out of my way!
BOY: Yes. yes. yes.
DARIO: Cookies.
Give me the cookies.
- SIMON: Out of the way!
- Slow down.
- Move over. Okay. okay.
- I love cookies.
- Safi. they're lemon.
- Oh. no. (INHALES)
- Yes.
- (SNEEZES)
Ugh!
Life is so unfair.
- Take mine.
- (GASPS)
Bazeema. where
did you come from?
Hi. (CHUCKLES)
Oh. take mine.
too. I can't eat.
Oh. right. Your
interview with the King.
Hey. look at me.
Don't worry.
We'll be here for
you when you fail.
Gabo.
Oh. there are the cookies.
Oh. Safi sneezed on those.
Oh. thanks.
OTHERS: Ew.
Anyway.
Not that I blame you for
trying to cheat the system.
What? I'm not trying
to cheat at anything.
(CHUCKLES) Come on.
Everyone knows the racket.
The King's apprentices
get their wishes granted.
and usually their
family's wishes. too.
- Uh...
- Not always.
- ALL: Mm-mm.
- Ooh.
- Maybe always.
- ALL: Mm-hmm.
Wait. isn't your Saba
turning 100 today
and still waiting?
- Ignore him.
- GABO: Bah-bah-bah-bah-bah!
Not to mention the fact
that you're also turning 18.
- Happy birthday.
- In a few months...
not today.
And when you give
your wish to the King.
you don't wanna have to end
up like Simon here. do you?
Huh? What's wrong
with Simon here?
It's... I don't know.
You're kind of boring now.
No offense.
Have I become boring?
Do... Do you all think that?
- Achoo.
- No. not boring.
- Just...
- Calmer.
Oh.
Oh. Simon. don't worry.
You're still you.
and I bet you'll get your
wish granted really soon.
Unlike your poor old Saba
who's still waiting...
- (BLOWS)
- (COUGHING)
(COUGHS. CLEARS THROAT)
- The Queen.
- (GROUP GASPS)
- Your Majesty.
- Queen Amaya.
Oh. my goodness.
Asha. the King is ready for you.
Now? Am I late? I thought I...
You're fine.
- The last interview...
- (DOOR OPENS)
- It was a disaster! (SOBBING)
- (OBJECTS CLATTERING)
finished early. Shall we?
Oh. okay. I'm ready.
I am so not ready.
You're fine.
Just don't touch anything.
Don't forget to curtsy.
- and tell him I love him.
- What?
I'm kidding. Do
not tell him that.
(CHUCKLES) Great. Thank
you. Thank you so much.
Bye. Don't get your hopes up.
- (VALENTINO BLEATS)
- (GABO GRUNTS)
- (BLEATS)
- (GABO HUFFS)
QUEEN AMAYA: The apprentice
should always keep
the fire going
because the King
likes his tea hot.
- Uh-huh.
- He also likes to talk.
- Quite a bit.
- (CHUCKLES)
- Feel free to just listen.
- Oh. I'm a good listener.
Some items might seem strange.
but why a sorcerer needs
what a sorcerer needs
- is not your concern.
- Right.
And above all.
do not expect to see the wishes.
- Don't even ask.
- Yes. ma'am.
I mean. I won't. Your Majesty.
I'm rooting for you. Asha.
- You are?
- Mm-hmm.
Oh. thank you. ma'am.
But... why?
Well. I see the way you
look out for others.
It's clear how much
you love this kingdom
and its people.
Well. of course.
That kind of generosity
has always been
the true essence of Rosas.
(CHUCKLES COYLY)
Now. are you ready
to meet the King?
Oh. I hope so. (CHUCKLES)
(SIGHS HEAVILY)
(ASHA GASPS)
- (ENCHANTING MUSIC PLAYING)
- Wow.
(CHUCKLES) He'll
be right with you.
I'm going to check
on the ceremony.
Oh. okay. Um...
Bye.
(SNIFFS)
(ASHA SIGHS IN AWE)
Huh.
"Fire Magic.
"History of Spells."
Whoa!
- Huh. Oh!
- No. no. No. no. (CHUCKLES)
Asha. that book is forbidden.
Oh. Hi. I was just. um...
- (CRACKLING)
- (SHRIEKS) What's happening?
Well. I put a spell on the...
(CLEARS THROAT) on the glass.
Well. I just thought the
etchings were pretty.
Yes. but the book...
- the book is dangerous.
- Ow! Then why have it?
A king must be prepared
for everything. Hold on.
Hold still. hold
still. (CHUCKLING)
- (ASHA EXCLAIMING)
- Oop! Don't move. I got it.
ASHA: No. no.
- (ASHA GRUNTING)
- (KING MAGNIFICO CHUCKLES)
- A bit of exercise.
- Shoo. shoo. Shoo. shoo. shoo.
- Um. are you okay?
- Shoo. shoo. (GRUNTS)
No. I... (FUMBLES)
I mean. yes.
And I understand if
you want me to leave
and never show my face again.
Oh. please. let's not overreact.
You're here. You've
certainly got my attention.
So. go ahead.
Tell me why you think you
should be my apprentice.
Okay. well...
(CHUCKLES. CLEARS THROAT)
I care too much.
Okay. that's interesting.
It's my weakness.
Figured I might as
well get through
all the bad stuff
right up front.
Fair enough.
And your strengths?
Glad you asked.
I'm a quick learner
and a hard worker.
and I help well.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
And I'm young. so I'm malleable.
but not too young
- so that I'm too malleable.
- Ah.
Oh. and I like to draw.
Is this anything?
Uh... What am I looking at?
- It's a goat.
- Oh!
- It's hopping.
- Certainly.
- See?
- Oh. again.
- It's hopping.
- That is a unique talent.
Do we call that a talent?
Oh. well. it's just something
my father taught me.
I think I remember your father.
- Really?
- He was a philosopher.
wasn't he?
Always talking about the stars.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
We used to climb that
tree on the high ridge.
where it becomes just
you and the stars.
You know. he'd say.
"The stars are
there to guide us.
"to inspire us.
"to remind us to
believe in possibility."
Well. even when he was sick.
he'd take me out
at night to dream.
All I dreamed about
was him getting better.
How old were you when he passed?
Twelve.
That's not fair. is it?
When I was young. I too
suffered great loss.
I... I didn't know that.
I'm sorry.
KING MAGNIFICO:
My entire family.
Our lands were destroyed
by selfish. greedy thieves.
Hmm. if only I'd
known magic then.
(INHALES DEEPLY) You see.
I founded this kingdom
so there would be a place
where everyone is safe.
Asha. no one should
ever have to see
their dreams destroyed
before their eyes.
No one should have
to live their life
feeling the pain of
that loss every day.
And that's why I do what I do.
And that's why I
want to work for you.
Mm-hmm. Come with me.
(GASPS SOFTLY)
(GASPS)
You're one of the very few
I have ever invited in here.
But if I'm to trust you.
I need to know you understand
just how important they are.
"They"?
The wishes of Rosas.
(ASHA GASPING)
(ASHA CHUCKLES)
You can feel them.
already. can't you?
They are everything.
Oh. I'm sorry. I don't
know why I said that.
- (GROANS SOFTLY)
- No. no. that's it.
They are everything.
I didn't expect them
to be so... alive.
- (BOTH CHUCKLE)
- Yes.
You see.
people think wishes
are just ideas.
But no. no. they are
a part of your heart.
The very best part.
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
(SINGING) ♪ If happiness ♪
♪ was a tangible thing ♪
♪ It would be you ♪
♪ If you'da told me the ♪
♪ feeling you'd bring ♪
♪ I'd think it untrue ♪
♪ And people search ♪
♪ for a wonder like you ♪
♪ All of their lives ♪
♪ You still amaze me ♪
♪ after all this time ♪
♪ You pull me in like ♪
♪ some kind of wind ♪
♪ Mesmerized by
the hold I'm in ♪
♪ Leave you here. I ♪
♪ don't wanna I wanna ♪
♪ Promise as one does ♪
♪ I. I will protect ♪
♪ you at all costs ♪
♪ Keep you safe
here in my arms ♪
♪ I. I will protect you ♪
♪ At all costs ♪
♪ What's pain when
I look at you ♪
♪ No way I could explain you ♪
♪ Even if I tried to ♪
♪ I'll never dream ♪
♪ like I used to do ♪
♪ If someone tried to hurt you ♪
♪ I don't see how ♪
♪ that could happen ♪
♪ I'd fight for you in ♪
♪ ways you can't imagine ♪
♪ Felt this. no. I haven't ♪
♪ I hope it would be all right ♪
♪ To stay right
here beside you ♪
BOTH: ♪ And promise
as one does ♪
♪ I. I will protect you ♪
♪ At all costs ♪
♪ Keep you safe
here in my arms ♪
♪ I. I will protect you ♪
♪ At all costs ♪
♪ If you're ever feeling ♪
♪ like you're lost ♪
♪ I'll come find you ♪
♪ Man all fronts ♪
♪ There's no ocean I ♪
♪ won't swim across ♪
♪ To be right by you ♪
♪ And not just once ♪
♪ Here and now I ♪
♪ swear on my response ♪
♪ I'll remind you ♪
♪ And promise as one does ♪
♪ I. I will protect you ♪
♪ At all costs ♪
♪ Keep you safe
here in my arms ♪
♪ I. I will protect you ♪
♪ At all costs ♪
♪ - At all costs
♪ - (MUSIC ENDS)
(PANTING)
You know. Asha.
I would love to see someone
wish to be the best apprentice
a mighty sorcerer has ever had.
What do you say?
(FAINT DREAMY MUSIC PLAYING)
Asha?
It's my Saba Sabino's wish.
It's his birthday today.
and he's 100 years old.
That's impressive.
Your Majesty... (SIGHS)
would you maybe consider
granting his wish tonight?
Well. that was fast.
wasn't it? (CHUCKLES)
(GROANS) You know. most
people wait a few months.
even a year.
before they start
asking me for things.
I'm so sorry.
- I did not mean to...
- No. no. it's okay. It's okay.
Here. let me see the wish.
It is a beautiful wish.
Beautiful.
- Mm.
- (INAUDIBLE)
But. unfortunately.
it's too dangerous.
Dangerous?
Your Saba longs to
create something
to inspire the next generation.
Great wish but too vague.
Create what?
A rebellious mob. perhaps?
To inspire them
to... to do what?
Uh. destroy Rosas. maybe?
My Saba would never do
anything to hurt anyone.
- You think that.
- I know that.
Well. you're young. You
don't know anything. really.
Whereas it is my responsibility
to only grant the wishes I
am sure are good for Rosas.
So. most of these wishes
will never be granted?
Yet I still protect them
like all the others.
Can't you just give
them back instead?
Excuse me?
The wishes you're
not going to grant.
you could just give them back.
Then. I don't know.
the people can try to
pursue them themselves?
You know. if they're dangerous.
then they can be stopped.
but if they're not...
You've completely
missed the point.
People come here
because they know
they can't make their
own dreams come true.
The journey's too hard.
It is too unfair.
They give their wishes
to me. willingly.
and I make it so they
forget their worries.
You make it so they forget
the most beautiful
part of themselves.
And they don't know
what they're missing.
But you do.
And now I do.
It's not fair.
My Saba is good.
The people of Rosas are good.
They deserve more than...
(LOUDLY) I decide what
everyone deserves!
(DOOR OPENS)
Mi Rey?
Sorry to interrupt.
But it's time for the ceremony.
Is it. my love?
Hmm. Seat Asha with
you on the main stage.
Oh. no. No. no. It's okay.
I insist.
- (FANFARE MUSIC PLAYING)
- (CHEERS AND LAUGHTER)
(GRUNTS)
(CROWD CHEERING)
Are you ready. Rosas?
(CROWD CHEERS)
Another beautiful
night in my kingdom.
So good to see you.
Good to be seen.
First things first.
We have two new citizens
ready to give their wishes.
(CROWD CHEERS)
Helena. Esteban.
you're going to be
very happy here.
I promise you.
Now make a wish
and hold it in your heart.
(HOPEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- (BOTH GASP)
It's a real weight
off. isn't it?
MAN 1: Forget
without regret. Whoo!
KING MAGNIFICO: Okay then.
who is ready to have
their wish granted?
MAN 2: Grant my
wish! Over here!
Now. I have been
challenged today
to take a chance
and try something new.
Thank you. Asha.
And it is with clarity and
an open heart full of love
that I grant today's wish to
someone who has very patiently
- waited long enough.
- WOMAN: It has to be Sabino.
- Sania Osman.
- (CROWD CHEERING)
Where is Sania? There she is.
- Come on up.
- He said. "Sania"? It's me?
It's me. It's me!
Coming through. thank you.
It's just so exciting!
- Sania Osman...
- (CHUCKLES EXCITEDLY)
I mean it when I say
it truly is my great pleasure
to grant your heart's desire
to sew the most
beautiful dresses
in all the land!
My wish has come true.
- Poor Saba.
- He's waited so long.
See. never. ever
get your hopes up.
- KING MAGNIFICO: Asha.
- (GASPS)
Obviously. I will
not be offering you
the position as my apprentice.
But... But don't worry.
I will still protect
your Saba's wish
and your mother's. forever.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
- Mi Rey?
- Now that went well.
don't you think?
Are you hungry?
(SABINO SIGHS)
(VALENTINO BLEATS)
(SIGHS) Come now.
we don't waste food.
Dig in and enjoy.
You're right. Saba. (CHUCKLES)
We should be looking
at the bright side.
Asha.
you got to the final
few being considered
for the most prestigious
position in the kingdom.
And Saba. there's
always next time.
- Cheers to that.
- (CHUCKLES)
Asha?
Saba.
I need to tell you something.
Tell me what. child?
I don't think. um.
your wish...
- will ever be granted.
- What?
Why would you say such a thing?
Because the King told me so.
He said it's too
dangerous to grant.
My wish is dangerous?
No. That's the thing.
I don't think it is at all.
You... You saw it?
I did.
And you should know what it is.
No. No.
Don't say anything.
But it's so. so beautiful.
Well. clearly Magnifico
feels otherwise. so...
Saba. what gives him
the right to decide?
He... He is the King
and he has made everything
possible for us.
If you had seen them.
if you had felt them
like I did. you
would understand.
It's not just yours. Saba.
There are so many
wondrous. powerful wishes
that will never be granted.
- just floating there...
- Asha? Asha!
- Helpless.
- Sit down. calm down.
I can't! I can't just
sit here with you.
Saba. knowing your
incredible wish
- and not tell you.
- Then don't.
What?
You are excused from the table.
Saba?
Why? Why would you
want me to know a wish
that can never be?
But I didn't...
But it's your wish.
Are you trying to
break my heart. child?
- No. No.
- (SABINO BREATHES HEAVILY)
I... I would
never. ever try...
(CRYING) I'm sorry.
- Asha!
- (VALENTINO BLEATS)
Asha!
(VALENTINO BLEATS)
(PANTING)
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(SNIFFLES)
(SINGING) ♪ Isn't truth ♪
♪ supposed to set you free? ♪
♪ Well. why do I feel ♪
♪ so weighed down by it? ♪
♪ If I could show them ♪
♪ everything I've seen ♪
♪ Open their eyes
to all the lies ♪
♪ Then would they change ♪
♪ their minds like I did? ♪
♪ But when I speak. they ♪
♪ tell me. "Sit down" ♪
♪ But how can I when I've ♪
♪ already started running? ♪
♪ Oh. this is where we've been. ♪
♪ but it's not where we belong ♪
♪ And I may be young but ♪
♪ I know I'm not wrong ♪
♪ So. I look up at the ♪
♪ stars to guide me ♪
♪ And throw caution to ♪
♪ every warning sign ♪
♪ If knowing what it could ♪
♪ be is what drives me ♪
♪ Then let me be the ♪
♪ first to stand in line ♪
♪ So. I make this wish ♪
♪ To have something ♪
♪ more for us than this ♪
♪ So. I make this wish ♪
♪ To have something ♪
♪ more for us than this ♪
(MUSIC TEMPO INCREASES)
♪ Hey. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Hey. yeah. yeah.
yeah. ah hah ♪
♪ More than this ♪
♪ Oh woah. oh woah. oh woah ♪
♪ I never knew I ♪
♪ needed room to grow ♪
♪ Yeah. I did what I was told ♪
♪ when someone told me. "No" ♪
♪ Now I've got all of ♪
♪ this freedom in my bones ♪
♪ But I've still got the lid ♪
♪ on so it doesn't overflow ♪
♪ 'Cause I've got ♪
♪ reservations and hesitations ♪
♪ On where I should even begin ♪
♪ I'm past dipping my toes in ♪
♪ But I'm not. no. I'm ♪
♪ not past diving in ♪
♪ If I could just be pointed ♪
♪ in any given direction ♪
♪ On where to go
and what to do ♪
♪ My legs are shaking ♪
♪ but my head's held high ♪
♪ The way you always ♪
♪ taught me to (SOBS) ♪
♪ So. I look up at the ♪
♪ stars to guide me ♪
♪ And throw caution to ♪
♪ every warning sign ♪
♪ I'm sure there will be ♪
♪ challenges that find me ♪
♪ But I can take them ♪
♪ on one at a time ♪
♪ So. I make this wish ♪
♪ To have something ♪
♪ more for us than this ♪
♪ So. I make this wish ♪
♪ To have something ♪
♪ more for us than this ♪
♪ - Hey. yeah. yeah. yeah - ♪
♪ CHORUS: So. I make this wish ♪
♪ - Hey. yeah. yeah. yeah. ah ♪
♪ hah - To have something more ♪
♪ More than this ♪
♪ Oh woah. oh woah. oh woah ♪
♪ So. I make this wish ♪
♪ To have something ♪
♪ more for us than this ♪
(MUSIC OUTRO PLAYS. ENDS)
(PANTING)
(CRACKLING)
(ANIMALS SQUEAKING)
(PEOPLE GASPING IN AWE)
- Oh! Can you feel that?
- (GASPS) Hmm.
(GASPS)
(ALL GASPING)
Mmm.
(SOFTLY) Oh.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
KING MAGNIFICO:
What's happening?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
No. No. no. no.
(GRUNTS QUIETLY)
Mi Rey.
oh. you spoil us
with your magic.
Whatever that was.
it was marvelous.
I didn't do it.
What?
And it affected my wishes.
- Is it some sort of warning?
- (GASPS)
I believe I have
just been threatened.
Who would dare threaten you?
(CHUCKLES)
What was that?
- (BLEATS)
- You felt it. too. didn't you?
- It... It was electric.
- (BLEATS)
It was joy and hope
- and possibility and wonder...
- (BLEATING)
inside the most loving light.
Can light be loving?
- (YELPS)
- Ugh. I sound ridiculous.
don't I?
I'll take that as a yes.
- (WHOOSHING)
- Whoa! Whoa!
- (BLEATS)
- Valentino!
- (BLEATING)
- (CHICKENS CLUCKING)
- (GLASS BREAKING)
- (COW MOOING)
(ANIMAL YELPS)
(ASHA PANTING)
(WHISPERING) Stay back.
- (BLEATS)
- Shh.
Creepy. (SHUDDERS)
Ooh?
(GASPS. GRUNTS)
(SHRIEKS)
- Wait. (GRUNTING)
- (WHOOSHING)
- (BLEATS)
- No. no. no. no. Aah!
- (WHOOSHING)
- (BLEATS)
(ASHA PANTING)
(GRUNTS)
(BLEATS)
(GROANS)
- (WHOOSHING)
- (BLEATING)
(CELESTIAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
(BLEATS)
Um. okay.
(SHRIEKS) Wh...
Whoa. Uh...
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (SQUEAKS SOFTLY)
- Ho-ho there.
(LAUGHS) Aah!
Huh? Wait. what are you doing?
That is private.
- Ow!
- (BLEATING)
Wh... What?
What are you?
You kind of look like...
a star.
Okay. you can't be. (CHUCKLES)
I mean.
I know I wished on a...
But... (LAUGHING)
no.
- Yes?
- (DING)
(MAGICAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(YAWNING)
(MUSHROOMS YAWNING)
(YAWNS AND BABBLES)
This is crazy.
- MUSHROOMS: We love crazy!
- Oh! I'm seeing things.
(BLEATS)
- (BLEATS)
- (SQUEALS)
Whoa. what are you doing?
Valentino. don't
eat that. (BLOWING)
(GULPS)
(BLEATING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS)
- It didn't work.
- (ASHA GASPS)
When does the magic happen? Ah!
Oh. something's happened.
I'm talking! I am talking. Ha!
Who knew my voice
would be this low?
(SQUEAKING EXCITEDLY)
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYS)
- ANIMALS: Mmm.
- Delicious.
Magic is chewy.
Sparkly and spicy.
Okay. I have a few thousand
questions. starting with.
"How did I manage to
connect with a star
"all the way across the sky?"
and ending with.
"How is any of this possible?"
Just relax.
To all your questions.
there is one very simple answer.
Which is...?
Well. think about it.
We're no different. you and me.
We are all...
Overwhelmed?
And completely entirely
made of the very same.
very special thing.
which is...
- Hope?
- (SQUIRREL SIGHS)
Let's just try this another way.
(SINGING) ♪ Have you ♪
♪ ever wondered why ♪
♪ You look up at the ♪
♪ sky for answers? ♪
- (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪ -
Or why flowers in the wind ♪
♪ Are effortless and ♪
♪ eloquent dancers? ♪
♪ Or what forms the ♪
♪ rings in the trees ♪
♪ Turns a pine from a seed? ♪
♪ What's passed down ♪
♪ generationally? ♪
♪ - To you ♪ - (SHRIEKS)
♪ And to me ♪
♪ And why our eyes all look ♪
♪ like microscopic galaxies? ♪
♪ Have you ever wondered why ♪
♪ You look up at the ♪
♪ sky for answers? ♪
ALL: ♪ Well. you don't ♪
♪ have to look too hard ♪
♪ We're here for all ♪
♪ your question marks ♪
♪ If you're try'na figure ♪
♪ out just who you are ♪
Don't look far.
♪ In the sky and
your front yard ♪
♪ In your heart
and in your scars ♪
♪ If you really wanna ♪
♪ know just who you are ♪
- (GASPS)
- You're a star!
♪ Yes! ♪
♪ Boom! Did we just ♪
♪ blow your mind? ♪
♪ - Uh-huh - Well. I've known ♪
♪ The entire time ♪
♪ When it comes to the universe. ♪
♪ we're all shareholders ♪
♪ - Get that through ♪
♪ your system - Solar! ♪
♪ See. we were all ♪
♪ just little nebulae ♪
♪ In a nursery from supernovas ♪
♪ Now we've grown
into our history ♪
♪ We're taking whys ♪
♪ right out of mystery ♪
♪ Closure ♪
♪ - Now we're taking in ♪
♪ - All the star exposure ♪
♪ We eat the leaves ♪
♪ and they eat the sun ♪
♪ See. that's where all the ♪
♪ balls of gas come from ♪
♪ Hey. you still look like ♪
♪ you're hanging on by a strand ♪
But if you just
see the mushrooms
♪ Then you'll understand ♪
So. your dust is my dust?
- Fantastic! ♪ - Whoo! ♪
♪ Well. you don't have ♪
♪ to look too hard ♪
♪ It's all around
and not too far ♪
♪ If you're try'na figure ♪
♪ out just who you are ♪
You're a star!
♪ Do you know you're
a work of art ♪
♪ Even in the deepest dark ♪
If you really wanna
know just who you are
- (DING)
- I'm a star!
♪ Here's a little fun allegory ♪
♪ That gets me excitatory ♪
♪ This might sink ♪
♪ in in the morning ♪
♪ We are our own origin story ♪
♪ If I'm explaining
this poorly ♪
♪ Well. I'll let
Star do it for me ♪
♪ It's all quite revelatory ♪
♪ We are our own origin story ♪
♪ Well. you don't have ♪
♪ to look too hard ♪
♪ It's all around
and not too far ♪
♪ If you're try'na figure ♪
♪ out just who you are ♪
You're a star.
♪ No matter where
you end or start ♪
♪ We're all each ♪
♪ other's counterparts ♪
♪ If you really wanna ♪
♪ know just who you are ♪
I'm a star!
♪ - Whoo! ♪
♪ - Ooh. I'm a star ♪
♪ Watch out. world. here I are ♪
♪ - Hey. hey! ♪
♪ - You know who's looking sharp? ♪
♪ - Who? ♪
♪ - Me! I'm a star! ♪
ANIMALS: ♪ Whoo! ♪
♪ You're a star ♪
♪ Watch out world. here ♪
♪ you are! Hey. hey! ♪
♪ You know who's
looking sharp? ♪
♪ - Who? ♪
♪ - You! You're a star! ♪
(ALL LAUGHING AND CHEERING)
- (MUSIC ENDS)
- That was nuts!
I've never felt so connected.
We should do this more often.
It's a shame we don't
get along better.
Hey. thanks for not
eating me. John.
Don't mention it. Bambi.
It's all good.
- (SQUEAKS)
- This is extraordinary.
And my father said that we
were connected to the stars.
That's why I wished
and now you're here...
for me.
Well. what do I...
Wait. do you grant wishes?
(DING)
Oh! Oh. no. I'm sorry.
Obviously not.
Forget I asked.
I'm just not sure
how this works.
(LAUGHING)
I wished for more for
us. for my family.
and for...
Oh. No. no. no. no.
Not in. like. a selfish way.
I just want their
wishes to have a chance.
- (SQUEAKS EXCITEDLY)
- But. um...
Look. see. King Magnifico has
their wishes in the castle.
captured in these
ball-like. bubbly things
that are very beautiful
but very locked up.
and he'll never give them back.
What... What are you doing?
Careful.
My mother was shaved
for that yarn!
(HOPEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
ASHA: Yes. that's the castle.
- (SQUEAKS)
- You mean.
we take them back ourselves?
(MAGIC RINGING)
But if we take them.
isn't that stealing?
I mean. we can't...
Right.
they don't belong
to him. do they?
Well. okay. but...
Whoa! Wait. wait!
Slow down. We need a plan!
(GRUNTS)
Ha-ha! Meant to do that.
I'm coming!
Bye-bye!
(GROANING FRUSTRATEDLY)
What was it? What was it?
Who could have commanded it?
Why is there nothing?
Mi Rey. what has happened here?
I don't know who
we're dealing with.
and these books are useless!
(SIGHS) Just breathe.
(GROANS) Do not
tell me to breathe.
Everything... Everything
I do is to make sure
that never happens again.
And when you're threatened.
you do not breathe.
You focus.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
To summon such
light would demand
a spell so powerful...
No. you yourself say.
"Forbidden magic
is not the way."
A king must be
prepared to do anything
to protect his kingdom.
(SOFT WHOOSHING)
(SIGHS) First. you
must protect yourself.
That's what I'm doing.
Not like this.
We know nothing of these pages.
You command great magic.
But with this book.
I fear it commanding you.
Please. put that book down.
(SOFT CRACKLE)
(BOTH SIGH)
If you want answers
about the light.
I suggest you look
to your people.
- They love you.
- I know.
They would do anything for you.
KING MAGNIFICO: Of
course they would.
You are their handsomest.
most beloved king.
You're right.
- I am a handsome king.
- (CHUCKLES)
Oh. my love. excellent advice.
Rosas is so lucky to have you.
As am I.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
Everything is fine.
- (ASHA GRUNTING)
- (PEOPLE CHATTERING)
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Can you stop squiggling. please?
You're drawing attention.
Hi. Hello.
- You know. I'm just gonna...
- (MAN GASPS)
- CHILD: What's in the bag?
- (CROWD EXCLAIMS)
(ASHA PANTING)
(SOLDIER YAWNS)
(DOOR CREAKING)
- (EXHALES) Okay.
- (CHICKENS CLUCKING)
You can come out now.
- (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS)
- Oh.
Are those pajamas?
Ah!
Thank you. I feel seen.
(BLOWS) Okay. focus.
I need to talk to Dahlia.
There has to be a way to
sneak into the King's study.
(OBJECTS CLATTERING)
(SQUEALS)
Without anyone seeing you.
Yes. yes. I'm
way ahead of you.
Star may alarm the masses.
- Much like a talking goat.
- What?
Which is why you're
both staying here.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- With the chickens?
Did you see what just
came out of that one's...
I'll be right
back. Stay quiet.
(STAR SQUEAKS)
- (GABO SCOFFS)
- HAL: Come on.
Even you have to admit. Gabo.
that light last night
felt amazing. (CHUCKLES)
It was probably a curse.
- Cookies.
No! This batch is for the King!
(LAUGHS) A squirrel just
said "Good morning" to me.
I have no response to that.
I didn't either. Right?
I mean. what do you
say to a squirrel?
- (TAKES DEEP BREATH)
- (MUFFLED WHOOSH)
(GASPS)
(CHICKENS CLUCKING)
Oh!
I really have to
watch where I'm going.
You touch 'em. you wash 'em.
- It was an accident.
- (GABO SHRIEKS)
How? How do you always do that?
(CHUCKLES COYLY)
Hey. how are you and your
poor Saba this morning?
- Oh. uh. coping.
- Hmm.
And curious.
How do the kitchens get
food up to the King?
Oh. um.
the formal servers bring his
meals to the dining room.
- (MUFFLED WHOOSHING)
- (VALENTINO LAUGHS)
(LAUGHING LOUDLY)
So. what about when the
King eats in his study?
- What?
- Who brings it then?
Well. his study is
off-limits. (CLEARS THROAT)
(SOFTLY) Details are known
to only a select few.
Including you?
- No comment.
- (GASPS)
- VALENTINO: Ladies. please.
- Who is in there?
I don't hear anything.
Dahlia. if you know a secret way
into the King's study.
you have to tell me.
Why? What is going on with you?
- (SNEEZES)
- Whoa! Wait. wait. wait. wait.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
What are you doing?
I... I gotta collect eggs.
No! I mean. let me.
I'll do it for you.
Nah. that's okay. Asha.
But your allergies!
All that sneezing. That
can't be good for you.
Are you trying to take
the chickens away from me?
You know Safi loves
those chickens.
- I do.
- Are you okay. Asha?
Something's up with you.
- What are you hiding?
- Oh! Nothing.
VALENTINO: Life
is to be lived!
And nobody.
- What is going on in there?
- Why are you all sweaty?
You can tell us anything.
Move or we break the door down!
No. no. no. no.
Fine. Fine! (SIGHS)
Last night. after
everything happened.
I made a wish...
on a star.
What are you. five?
And the star answered.
- (LIVELY MUSIC PLAYING)
- (CHICKENS CLUCK RHYTHMICALLY)
That's it. ladies.
Your wings can't fly
but your voices can!
(CHICKEN BEATBOXING)
(CHICKENS WHOOPING)
(RHYTHMIC CLUCKING CONTINUES)
Okay. ladies.
big finish!
(CHICKENS CLUCKING OUTRO)
- (MUSIC ENDS)
- (ALL GASPING)
- (SAFI INHALES SHARPLY)
- (ASHA CHUCKLES)
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- (DARIO CHUCKLES)
These are my friends.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Oh! (LAUGHING)
This is objectively impossible.
- (CHUCKLING)
- (SAFI SNEEZES)
(LAUGHS)
- (CHUCKLES)
- (STAR SHRIEKS)
What? Why am I making you sad?
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Oh.
Simon's 18.
He's already given
his wish to the King.
Huh.
I can't remember what I lost.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Oh.
GABO: Don't accept it.
(SHRIEKS) No. Stay
away. No. no. no. no!
Am I the only one who realizes
this is gonna end very badly?
Not if everyone keeps
quiet about Star.
Magic is forbidden by
anyone other than Magnifico.
(SHRIEKING) who is also
the only one authorized
(SHRIEKS) to grant wishes.
Self-authorized.
Wait. Does Star grant wishes?
No. but I think it wants
to help me pursue mine.
Like a fairy godmother.
Life is not a fairytale.
- Whoa!
- (CHICKEN CLUCKING)
What did you wish for?
No. you know what? (BABBLING)
Don't tell us. I
want no part of this.
(FANFARE PLAYING IN DISTANCE)
That's the King's
call to assemble.
Uh... Please. Magnifico
can't know about Star.
And I promise. my wish won't
harm or affect any of you.
Or Rosas.
(STAR SQUEAKS)
That's a big promise. Asha.
But we trust you.
Don't we. Bazee...
Where did she go?
- How does she do that?
- (SAFI SNIFFLES)
It's okay. We won't
tell anyone. Asha.
Right.
(WHISPERS) About the chickens.
We got you.
Right. Gabo?
I don't squeal.
- What are you not telling me?
- Okay. Okay.
Yesterday. I kind of
challenged the King.
- What?
- It's. uh. complicated.
- And?
- (GROANS SOFTLY)
Dahlia. what would you
do if you found out
the wishes of those you
love with all your heart
will never be granted?
You mean your Saba's wish.
And. thanks to me.
my mother's. (SIGHS)
I'm here to get their wishes.
so I can give them back to them.
You're here to
steal from the King?
It's not stealing.
The wishes don't belong to him.
And you can't just
- ask Magnifico for them back?
- (SIGHS)
I think I've ruined my chances
of asking Magnifico
for anything.
This is how we get food
to the King's study.
(CHUCKLES DELIGHTFULLY)
- (CHUCKLES)
- It's perfect. (GRUNTS)
- A new way to climb!
- Okay. look out!
- We can't fit. Ugh!
- Backing up.
Are you sure about this?
Magnifico could
come back any time.
And that's why you're
gonna stall him.
Please and thank you.
best friend ever?
How am I supposed
to stall a king?
You'll think of something.
You're a genius!
(GASPS)
- Ooh. To the left.
- Let's go up!
I have to reach
the pulley-thing.
And we ride!
I'm sorry. that was
right in your ear.
(FANFARE CONTINUES PLAYING)
- I can't believe that light last night.
- That light was amazing...
Like nothing I've ever seen.
KING MAGNIFICO:
Quiet. quiet. quiet!
I know you are all wondering
about that little light
- last night.
- (CROWD CHEERING)
A light I did not
command or condone!
- (CHEERING SUBSIDES)
- MAN 1: Yeah!
- MAN 2: What?
- It was magic.
though quite clumsy
and amateurish.
It was also
completely forbidden.
There is a traitor
- amongst us...
- (CROWD GASPING)
who defied the law.
They used magic to
put you all at risk!
- (CROWD EXCLAIMS)
- But don't worry.
they are no match for me.
And I assure you.
- when caught...
- (GASPS)
they will be punished severely.
DAHLIA: (SOFTLY) Asha.
- (MUFFLED GRUNTING)
- VALENTINO: You are
awfully slow at this.
- (BELL JINGLES)
- ASHA: Shh!
I think we're here.
VALENTINO: Adventure awaits
right outside this door!
- ASHA: Let's go.
- (RATTLING)
- Oh. no.
No. no. no. no.
no. It's locked.
VALENTINO: I'll ram it.
- (THUD)
- (VALENTINO GROANS)
It hurts without horns.
ASHA: What are you doing?
(WHOOSHING)
Star. please don't
break anything.
VALENTINO: Yes. but
don't hold back.
(BOING)
ASHA: What's happening?
VALENTINO: Just go all out.
Throw magic dust
everywhere! It'll be fine.
BOTH: Yes! (GASP)
- ASHA: No!
- (VALENTINO SCREAMS)
- (EXPLODES)
- (ASHA GASPS)
KING MAGNIFICO:
Rosas needs you.
Any information would
be most helpful.
And I know you will never. ever
let me down.
- Thank you.
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- (MAJESTIC MUSIC PLAYS)
- (GASPS)
DAHLIA: Your Majesty. wait!
Please!
- (MUSIC FADES OUT)
- Um... (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Yes. go on.
Ahem. Okay.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Hi. Hi. Uh...
Hi. I'm Dahlia. (CHUCKLES)
I make your Magnifico cookies.
Fantastic. What can
I do for you. Dahlia?
(CHUCKLING) Oh.
Thank you for asking.
(CLEARS THROAT)
You said any information
would be helpful.
- Uh-huh.
- But pragmatically speaking.
what qualifies?
Evidentiary?
- How about circumstantial?
- (SIGHS)
First hand? Ooh. second hand?
- What about hunches?
- Oh!
Sure.
How about hunches?
Yes. any. Any information
about who or what caused
the light would be helpful.
So. yes. hunch. Hunch away.
You said it was amateur magic.
but how come you don't know
- how they did it?
- What?
Perhaps you could
define "amateur"?
- This is about what you know.
- (CROWD MURMURING)
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
It is about your safety.
and most importantly. the
safety of your wishes.
Um. do you mean our
wishes aren't safe?
- Of course they're safe!
- (CROWD GASPING)
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
- (ASHA GRUNTS)
- (BLOWING)
(LAUGHS) Good as new.
Whew. Hope he didn't need those.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- (GASPS) Right. the wishes.
That's actually a door.
and Magnifico waved
his hand and it just...
(MIMICS WHOOSHING)
Okay. how about this? Nothing?
Or this?
This? Or this?
(GROANS FRUSTRATEDLY)
- (DUST CHIMES)
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Yes!
- VALENTINO: You got it!
- Teamwork!
- (VALENTINO LAUGHS)
(ENTHRALLING MUSIC PLAYING)
(SQUEAKING EXCITEDLY)
(GIGGLES)
(SQUEAKING IN DELIGHT)
Star. I'm glad you
are having fun.
but you have to focus.
Please. find my Saba's
and mother's wishes
as fast as you can!
(SQUEALS)
- (STAR GASPS)
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS)
How do we know our
wishes are safe?
We never see them.
Why can't we see them?
Why is that a rule?
And why can't we remember them?
One question at a time.
Since we're asking. what if
we want to change our wish?
Good point. wishes can change.
Let's form a line.
everyone will get a turn.
MAN 1: You know
what'd comfort us?
- Another wish ceremony.
- Yeah.
It would make us all
feel so much better.
WOMAN: Please. Your Majesty!
MAN 2: We could do it now!
No! Not now! Bad timing!
CROWD: (CHANTING)
Wishes. wishes. wishes!
- (LOUDLY) Silence!
- (CROWD GOES QUIET)
Is that all you can think about?
A Wish Granting Ceremony?
(NERVOUSLY) Mm-hmm.
(BREATHES HEAVILY) Fine.
Whoever identifies the traitor.
your wish will be granted!
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- What?
But hear this!
Anyone who helps the traitor.
anyone who lets me down.
your wish will never be granted!
(CROWD EXCLAIMS AND MURMURS)
DAHLIA: Wait! Your Majesty...
Enough!
How brazenly they question me!
They only question you
because you make them
feel safe enough to do so.
I'll be with the wishes.
Disturb me with
nothing but good news.
- (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
- (GROANING FRUSTRATEDLY)
(GROANS ANGRILY)
(SINGING)♪ I can't help it ♪
♪ if mirrors love my face ♪
♪ It's genetics ♪
♪ Yeah. I got these ♪
♪ genes from outer space ♪
♪ Peep the name. I'm magnificent ♪
♪ I put the "I" in omnipotent ♪
♪ I'm passionate.
I'm not petulant ♪
Someone praise me
for my benevolence
(CLEARS THROAT)
Just look (CHUCKLES)
♪ I'd give the clothes ♪
♪ off Benito's back ♪
♪ If you really needed that ♪
♪ I'd be the first ♪
♪ one to volunteer ♪
♪ - Henry ♪ - (HENRY GRUNTS)
♪ If your home were to crumble ♪
♪ Or if you were in trouble ♪
- (CHEERS) ♪ - I let
you live here for free ♪
♪ And I don't even
charge you rent ♪
♪ I clean up all your messes ♪
♪ And I'm always there ♪
♪ when you need to vent ♪
♪ I give and give ♪
♪ and give and give ♪
(CHUCKLING) ♪ You'd think ♪
♪ they'd all be content ♪
♪ And all I really want ♪
♪ is just a little respect ♪
♪ And this is the thanks I get ♪
MALE CHORUS: ♪ Dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ This is the thanks I get ♪
♪ Dah dah dah dah Dah ♪
♪ dah dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ And this is the thanks I get ♪
♪ Dah dah dah dah Dah ♪
♪ dah dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ And this is the thanks I get ♪
♪ Dah dah dah dah Dah ♪
♪ dah dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ You're so brilliant ♪
♪ Oh. that's the ♪
♪ least you could say ♪
♪ There's more. admit it ♪
♪ You're cute and strong ♪
♪ And bold and brave Thanks! ♪
♪ See this kingdom.
I built it up ♪
♪ And you still complain? ♪
♪ Ungrateful much? ♪
Mmm. are you sure that
you're not the prob?
♪ I'd love to see you ♪
♪ try and do my job ♪
♪ Oh-ho! ♪
♪ I granted 14
wishes last year ♪
♪ Come on. that's
a high percent ♪
♪ And now you're ♪
♪ questioning your king? ♪
♪ The disrespect
I just underwent ♪
♪ You know. I always
got your back ♪
♪ Yeah. really though. ♪
♪ it's no sweat ♪
♪ Since the day you were born ♪
♪ and the day that we met ♪
♪ - And this is the thanks ♪
♪ I get - Dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ - Dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ dah dah - (STAR YELPS) ♪
♪ This is the thanks I get ♪
♪ Dah dah dah dah Dah ♪
♪ dah dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ And this is the thanks I get ♪
♪ Dah dah dah dah Dah ♪
♪ dah dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ And this is the thanks I get ♪
♪ Dah dah dah dah Dah ♪
♪ dah dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ I didn't wanna do this I ♪
♪ swore I'd never do this ♪
♪ But I'm hypnotized by ♪
♪ how these pages flip ♪
♪ 'Cause I refuse to ♪
♪ have my power stripped ♪
♪ A potion. a spell. ♪
♪ a summon. a curse? ♪
♪ Anything to make ♪
♪ that light reverse ♪
♪ To this book I don't ♪
♪ want to be tethered ♪
♪ But desperate times call ♪
♪ for desperate measures ♪
(TRILLS LIPS)
Where was I? Oh.
yeah. (CHUCKLES)
♪ There's a traitor
in this town ♪
♪ - And still I remain ♪
♪ unbent ♪ - (TOYS SCREAMING)
♪ Come out now.
explain yourself ♪
♪ I'm sure it's all ♪
♪ just an accident ♪
♪ Well. whoever
finds them first ♪
♪ Now. that's a
wish well spent ♪
♪ Honestly. keeping you safe ♪
♪ should be worth every cent ♪
♪ And this is the thanks I get ♪
MALE CHORUS: ♪ Dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ This is the thanks I get ♪
♪ Dah dah dah dah Dah ♪
♪ dah dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ And this is the thanks I get ♪
- (TOYS SCREAMING) ♪
- Dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ Dah dah dah dah dah dah dah ♪
♪ This is the thanks I get ♪
♪ Dah dah dah dah ♪
(GRUNTING FRUSTRATEDLY)
♪ This is the thanks I get ♪
- (VOICE ECHOES)
- (BREATHING HEAVILY)
(ALL SHUDDER)
I have just the
place for us to work.
(WHOOSHING)
(FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYS)
- (MUSIC FADES OUT)
- (BIRDS SQUEAKING)
VALENTINO: I was
not afraid. Sakina.
Because. like all goats.
I believe the
greater the challenge
we are willing to face.
- the greater the life we live.
- Uh...
Oh. whoa!
Saba.
I know you said you
didn't want to know
a wish that could never be.
But now.
you can make it be.
SABINO: It's so simple.
so pure.
Asha. I know you think you're
doing a good thing. but...
I should never have
given Magnifico my wish.
This... (BREATHING HEAVILY)
This belongs to me.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
(WHOOSHING)
(CHUCKLES)
(EXHALES SHARPLY. CHUCKLES)
Saba...
Oh. Asha. I may never
actually inspire anybody.
but now at least I
have the chance to try.
I'm going back for
your wish next. Mama.
- (DOOR OPENS)
- (BOTH GASP)
- (DOOR CREAKS)
That's right. Asha.
You've been turned in.
Where is it?
Where is the star?
There's nothing here for you!
How did you do it. huh?
What sorcery did you use?
I know no sorcery.
You ripped a star from the sky
and used it to steal from me.
ASHA: The wishes
don't belong to you.
You were never going to
grant my Saba's wish.
And he deserves to have it back.
- They all deserve...
- I told you.
I decide what they deserve.
Please. Your Majesty.
She made a mistake.
She won't do it again.
Oh. I know she won't.
Does this feel familiar.
- Sakina?
- (GASPS) My wish.
Yes. your wish that you
gave to me for safekeeping.
because we all know what happens
to wishes out in this...
this real world. (CHUCKLES)
- They get crushed.
- (GASPS)
- (SHATTERS)
- (MOANING IN PAIN)
- Mama!
- Sakina. No!
Ooh. what is this?
(GASPS)
What a gift.
All this time. I've protected
the wishes not knowing
the power they yield.
I feel as if I can do...
anything.
(GASPS)
(SQUEAKS)
The star. (GASPS)
I must have it.
(SAKINA BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (ASHA GRUNTS)
- (GROANS)
Let's go! Now!
GUARD 1: What is
that? GUARD 2: Hey!
- (WHOOSHING)
- (GUARDS GRUNTING)
- GUARD 2: Is this yarn?
- Hurry. hurry.
From one domesticated
animal to another.
help us!
(WHINNYING)
- (SAKINA MOANS)
- ASHA: Careful.
That's it. Sakina. Hold on!
- VALENTINO: Whoa...
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
We've run out of land.
There's a boat.
Hurry.
Go. return to your stables.
- If anyone asks. play dumb.
- (HORSES NICKER)
- I say we head for the islet.
- (SAKINA GROANS)
It's closest.
- We can hide there.
- (ASHA GRUNTING)
Oh. thank you.
- (SAKINA MOANS)
- Mama?
My heart knows this feeling.
This is grief.
Oh. I didn't mean for
this to happen. (SIGHS)
(SIGHS) I know. baby.
I was foolish to think
I could change anything.
I should never have wished.
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
(ASHA SIGHS)
It's true.
My wish has ruined
everything for my family.
And now everyone
in Rosas is at risk
because of me.
(GROANS SOFTLY)
Oh. Asha. no.
Everyone is at risk
because of Magnifico.
Our dear Rosas.
Your father's heart would break
for what we now know.
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SIGHS)
I know what you're thinking
because I'm thinking it. too.
- I love you both very much.
- What is going on?
- When you get to the islet...
- SABINO: Asha.
- Stay hidden from view.
- SAKINA: What are you doing?
I have to stop him.
- No!
- It's too dangerous!
I started this.
I have to finish it...
- (SAKINA GASPS)
- for everyone.
- Asha!
- No!
- (ASHA GRUNTS)
- I cannot swim!
(SAKINA GASPS)
Perfect.
- Shark!
- ASHA: What?
No. no. I... I have
not seen a shark.
I'm just practicing.
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
To harness a star...
Ooh. a staff.
A staff of such power.
even the night will
bow to my command.
(LAUGHS MALICIOUSLY)
Perfect.
One branch of mountain ash
bathed in Tollen's potion.
Molten iron for strength.
copper for a strike.
And most important.
the power cast
from the innocent
hearts of three.
You dared to question me
and all that I do for you.
You don't deserve to be granted.
But. through me.
you may serve a greater purpose.
(ALL SHATTER)
- (GASPING)
- My love.
Such sadness.
(GASPS. GRUNTS)
(GASPS. MOANS)
(DRAMATIC CHORAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(LAUGHING MALICIOUSLY)
Yes!
(LAUGHS) Yes!
Amaya. darling. come!
Come! (LAUGHING)
You're just in time
to meet my new toy!
(QUEEN AMAYA GASPS)
Now. that is power.
Am I glowing?
I feel as if I am. Yes?
How could you?
You know the ways of
forbidden magic are...
Unappreciated.
Much like I am by my own people.
By that girl.
She did this.
She pulled a star from the sky
to destroy everything
I've built.
Asha?
No. she only wanted her
family's wishes back.
(GASPS)
Do you side with
the traitor. Amaya?
No. No.
You know I would never side
with a traitor of Rosas.
(GRUNTS)
I have believed in you
from the moment we met.
We built this kingdom together.
There is nothing more
important than that.
Wonderful.
Now. let's go set the stage.
I'm on the hunt! (LAUGHING)
(PLAYING FANFARE)
(CROWD MURMURING)
(STAR SQUEAKS)
You know. all of this is
just a bump in the road.
A gigantically. humongous bump.
(STAR SQUEAKS)
We have to find
Dahlia and the others.
All I see are feet.
Look at these poor people!
Asha stole and
destroyed their wishes.
She must pay!
They say her family's
gone missing.
I bet she killed them.
This whole thing feels wrong.
- (CROWD GASPING)
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(CROWD EXCLAIMING)
(ALL GASPING)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
(LAUGHS) Your faces!
(LAUGHS) It's
okay. You're okay.
- It's just a play on light.
- (CROWD CHEERING)
You know I love you. Rosas.
(SIGHS)
The Queen looks scared.
- (MOUSE SQUEAKING)
- (KING MAGNIFICO CHUCKLES)
KING MAGNIFICO: Okay.
okay. enough play.
(STAR SQUEAKS)
I think we're thinking
the same thing
- again.
- (DING)
W-W-Wait. discreetly!
You are all probably
wondering why you are here.
Yes. there's a savage teenager
running around with a star.
destroying wishes. But...
guess who bravely came forward
and identified her.
Give a big cheer for
- Simon O'Donohue!
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- (GROUP GASPS)
- Simon?
(CHUCKLING) I know. I know!
Tell me. I was as
surprised as you all.
Our sleepy little Simon here.
- No need to be nervous. Simon.
- (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Be proud! Show us your joy!
- Your Majesty?
- Oh. my.
I know. a talking mouse.
but don't panic.
I'm very clean.
and I have an important
message for you.
(CLEARS THROAT)
"You once said.
'Generosity is the
true essence of Rosas.'
"I can see your fear.
"but Rosas needs your help now.
"Love. Asha."
The "love" part was
my idea. (CHUCKLES)
Okay. Bye.
So. my dear Simon.
are you ready
to see your wish?
(GASPS)
To be the King's most valiant.
courageous. and loyal knight!
Just not a loyal friend.
It is my great pleasure
to grant you your
heart's desire.
(CROWD GASPING)
(GASPING)
- (SIMON GRUNTS)
- (SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(CHUCKLING)
(GRUNTS. GROANS)
(ALL GASPING)
(BOTH GRUNT)
(SIMON GROANS)
(HEROIC MUSIC PLAYS)
Long live the King!
- CROWD: Long live the King!
- (GASPS)
(CHUCKLES) Oh. isn't
that wonderful?
There are six more
traitors. Your Majesty.
Dahlia. Gabo. Dario.
Safi. Hal
and Bazeema.
Find them. so they may
pay for their betrayal.
Find Asha. so you
may be rewarded.
But most importantly.
find me that star.
so I will have the power
to grant all of your wishes!
(CROWD CHEERING)
(ASHA PANTING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
It's a dead end.
A dead end with
un-sanded mahogany.
(CHUCKLES)
- (WOOD SNAPS)
- (SHRIEKS)
Oh! Good find. Valentino.
My butt found it.
GABO: Whoa!
So. this is where you go
when you sneak
off. huh. Bazeema?
Thanks for keeping
it all to yourself.
Introverts deserve sanctuary.
(CHUCKLES) I'm happy for you.
(CHUCKLES) We're safe here.
No. we're not safe anywhere.
We're fugitives. thanks to Asha.
She said she just wanted
her family to have
their wishes back.
Oh. and you believed her?
- It's the truth. Gabo.
- (GASPS)
- (GASPS) Hide!
- GABO: We're all gonna die!
Oh! Hey. Asha. (GRUNTS)
Please say you didn't destroy...
- (GROUP GASPS)
- those people's wishes?
Of course I didn't.
It was Magnifico.
(SCOFFS) Likely story.
Wait. the King was
acting awfully.
awfully... (INHALES)
Awful.
Simon looked like
he was in pain.
GABO: Yeah. right before
he snitched on us.
(SNEEZES) We're doomed!
Not if we fight.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS)
(GRUNTING)
(ALL GASPING)
(SINGING)♪ You've
been deceived ♪
♪ Magnifico is not the ♪
♪ man he claims to be ♪
♪ He's more vicious than I ♪
♪ could have ever comprehended ♪
♪ When I made a wish ♪
♪ and Star came down ♪
♪ This is not what I ♪
♪ expected or intended ♪
♪ But now that it's ♪
♪ happened. I don't regret it ♪
♪ 'Cause now I've seen ♪
♪ him show his true colors ♪
♪ And shades of green ♪
♪ Saying that your ♪
♪ wishes aren't safe ♪
♪ Because of me and ♪
♪ That's a lie. lie. lie. lie ♪
♪ And I. I know I can't ♪
♪ do this on my own and ♪
♪ - If it's not us ♪
- (GABO GASPS)
♪ Then who and when? ♪
♪ If we don't fight. ♪
♪ he knows he wins ♪
♪ Not allowed ♪
♪ Knowing what I know now ♪
♪ - The lengths he'll ♪
♪ go ♪ - (SAFI GASPS)
♪ There's no amount ♪
♪ I won't sit back. ♪
♪ watch this play out ♪
♪ That's my vow ♪
♪ Knowing what I know now ♪
♪ - Get up. yah! ♪
♪ - (ALL GASP) ♪
♪ Know I'm not the only one ♪
♪ - That's fed up - Yah! ♪
♪ Yah! ♪
♪ Wait 'till they
hear our feet go ♪
♪ - Dun dun dun dun - Yah! ♪
♪ I don't think he's ♪
♪ prepared for what's comin' ♪
ALL:♪ A revolution. ♪
♪ hit the ground runnin' ♪
♪ If there's one thing ♪
♪ he can't keep down ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ It's us and the ♪
♪ strength we've found ♪
♪ It's too loud ♪
♪ Loud ♪
♪ Knowing what we know now ♪
ALL: ♪Knowing what we know now ♪
♪ And who. who knows ♪
♪ if we'll succeed ♪
♪ But we won't stop ♪
♪ and we won't retreat ♪
♪ - Or turn 'round
- ALL: ♪'Round ♪
♪ Knowing what we know now ♪
ALL: ♪ Knowing
what we know now ♪
(GRUNTING)
- (MUSIC TEMPO QUICKENS)
♪ - Hoo! Hoo! ♪
♪ Hoo! ♪
♪ Hoo! Hoo! ♪
♪ Hoo! Hah! ♪
(TAP-DANCING)
♪ Can he tell what
we're becomin'? ♪
♪ Hear it in the ♪
♪ way we're drummin' ♪
♪ I was sweet but now ♪
♪ I'm something else ♪
ALL: ♪ Yah! Yah! Yah! Yah! ♪
♪ Ain't it nice
of us to drop in ♪
♪ To take what's ours. ♪
♪ to take it back in ♪
♪ - Thinks we're nothin' - ♪
♪ But we're something else ♪
- ALL: ♪ Yah! ♪ (GASP)
- (MUSIC STOPS)
(ASHA INHALES)
♪ - I've seen too many bad things ♪
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC RESUMES)
♪ That I can't keep count ♪
♪ - He loves - One thing ♪
♪ more than himself ♪
♪ - His crown - Crown ♪
♪ Knowing what I know now ♪
♪ The good in him. ♪
♪ I've watched it melt ♪
♪ I was fooled by
the love I felt ♪
♪ - So profound - Ahhh ♪
♪ - Knowing what
I know - I know ♪
♪ - I know - We know now ♪
♪ Knowing what we know now ♪
(MUSIC ENDS)
(GIGGLES)
- Oh! Hi. (CHUCKLES)
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Your Majesty. this is Star.
- (CHUCKLES)
- You are extraordinary.
- (STAR GIGGLES)
You need to know.
Magnifico has embraced
a most corrupt magic.
He is intent on capturing Star.
He wants to take all of
your energy for himself.
Then Star needs to
leave. like. right now.
No. no. If anyone's leaving.
it's gonna be you.
Star won't go until
those wishes are free.
Does that mean you have a plan?
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Of course we have a plan.
KING MAGNIFICO: Oh!
Fantasyland in the sky. huh?
- How about Neverland?
- (SHATTERS)
The perfect nanny for
your horrible children?
Poppin' this one!
- (SHATTERS)
- (LAUGHING)
Oh! True love. how sweet.
- (SHATTERS)
- (GRUNTS)
So much for true love.
(GRUNTS)
- (LAUGHING)
- QUEEN AMAYA: Mi Rey!
Asha and Star have been
spotted in the forest.
Is that so?
How fortunate.
(BREATHES SHAKILY) Shall
we gather the citizens.
so they can see you capture her?
Oh. we've been gathering them
a lot lately. don't you think?
- I. um...
- Oh. I'm kidding!
- (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
- Sound the trumpets. Amaya.
I'll bring back the
girl and the star!
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS)
Okay. We must work quickly.
(LOUDLY) And quietly!
I'll lead Magnifico as
far away as possible.
And as soon as he
leaves the castle.
you go help the others
free the wishes.
- (SQUEAKS)
- (ASHA GRUNTS)
I know. okay? (CHUCKLES)
I'm worried. too.
- (SQUEAKS)
- Wait. What are you doing?
Oh. a stick.
- (DING)
- Okay.
What do I do with this?
Oh!
Ha! It's magic.
- Thank you.
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
You have to go. Go now.
Okay. I can do this.
(GRUNTS)
What? (GRUNTS)
(GROANS) Come on. come
on. come on. pl...
(SHRIEKS)
Okay. (PANTING)
Good luck. Asha!
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
- (GRUNTS)
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
Challenge accepted.
- (GRUNTS)
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
SAFI: Wow. HAL: Hi.
- BAZEEMA: Whoa!
- (HAL GASPS)
Through the heart we
understand the world.
- Oh. look. hot drinks.
- Nah-uh-uh.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Star! You're here!
Oh. thank goodness!
This is it. everyone.
First we open the roof.
and then Star
returns the wishes.
The Queen said we need to
look for giant pulleys.
Maybe these pulleys?
Start climbing!
As my mother always said.
"If someone falls.
"leave them!" (GRUNTS)
No. buddy. we're not doing that.
You can come back 'cause
I... I hate heights.
- (ALL EXCLAIM)
- Oh. nice!
- (ALL LAUGHING)
- HAL: And away we go!
SAFI: Wow. GABO:
Oh. this is high.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS)
(HORSE WHINNIES)
(BREATHES SHARPLY. GRUNTS)
(WHOOSHING)
(CHUCKLES SHEEPISHLY)
- (GROWLS)
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
(GRUNTS)
Here. Obsidian oil
for protection from the pages.
This reads like a recipe book
for the foul and the savage.
Look for anything on
how to break his staff.
bind his magic. or
at the very least.
break the hold it has on him.
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
- (ASHA PANTING)
(YELPING SOFTLY)
(GRUNTS)
I don't get you at all!
- (ALL STRAINING)
- (PULLEY CREAKING)
It won't move!
I'm trying my hardest.
Hey. Dario. buddy!
It's called a
pulley for a reason!
This is no time for riddles!
Come on. It's as obvious
as my baby beard.
You must pull together.
On my count.
One. Two.
- Nine zillyboo.
- (GASPS)
Twenty alphabet.
- Wait. what?
- (SIGHS)
I... I can't count.
Now!
(ALL GRUNT)
That's it. Give
it all you've got!
(STRAINING. GRUNTS)
- (ALL STRAINING)
- (GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS)
- (STAR GRUNTS)
- GABO: No!
Oh. he's become
practically untouchable.
No metal can break his staff.
No spell can bind his magic.
And no one can bring
him back from this.
"Embrace forbidden
magic just once.
"and you commit to
it for eternity."
- (GRUNTS)
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(ASHA GRUNTING WEAKLY)
Whoa!
I can't turn. I can't
turn. I can't turn!
Whoa. I can't stop staring.
Work for me. stick.
Oh! (GRUNTS)
STAG: Oh. dear.
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
- (ASHA YELLING SHAKILY)
(GRUNTS FRUSTRATEDLY)
- We need more weight!
- Hmm.
Well. it's not
falling if you jump.
(GRUNTS FRUSTRATEDLY)
All right. fine!
- (SHRIEKS) For Rosas!
- (VALENTINO SCREAMING)
Jump. everyone!
(ALL YELL)
BAZEEMA: I'm gonna die!
- (ALL WHOOPING AND LAUGHING)
- I'm gonna live!
(ALL LAUGHING IN DELIGHT)
MAN 1: Are those our
wishes? MAN 2: They must be.
WOMAN: Oh. the
wishes are free.
The wishes. She's
freeing them.
Our girl.
Come on.
Saba. you're 100 years old.
But my will is strong. Yeah-ha!
(CHUCKLES) They did it!
- (HORSE WHINNIES)
- (SHRIEKS. GRUNTING)
- (KING MAGNIFICO GRUNTS)
- No! (PANTING)
(KING MAGNIFICO CHUCKLES)
It doesn't matter.
You're too late.
Asha.
Magnifico's never too late.
Simon? (GASPS)
Star!
(PANTING)
- (GRUNTS. LAUGHS)
- (GRUNTS)
You really think
you can take me?
(SIMON SCREAMING)
(SIMON GASPING)
- (GROWLS)
- ASHA: Thanks. John!
Any time. Asha!
(SHRIEKS)
- Please don't hurt me.
- (LAUGHS)
It's not me you
should be afraid of.
- Boom!
- (SCREAMING)
(SCREAMING CONTINUES
IN DISTANCE)
(CROWD GASPING IN AWE)
(ALL LAUGHING HAPPILY)
(CAPTIVATING MUSIC PLAYING)
- (BOOM)
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
(PANTING) Star! Hyah!
(CROWD EXCLAIMING)
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(CHUCKLES) Surprise.
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
(MUFFLED WHOOSHING)
(CHUCKLING)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Good evening. Rosas!
(KING MAGNIFICO'S VOICE ECHOING)
(CHUCKLES) Wow. the
stars are out tonight.
Oh. except for you.
You're trapped now. aren't you?
(CHUCKLES) But you
see. what can I say?
I really. really don't
like being betrayed.
- (CROWD GASPING)
- It is you
who betrays your people!
Nope. nope. nope.
nope. nope. nope.
I've had enough of you.
- (GASPS. GRUNTS)
- (CROWD EXCLAIMS)
HAL: Your Majesty!
Your little trick
didn't work. Amaya.
I still got what I wanted.
What's this?
The wishes aren't yours to free.
They are mine!
Now. bow down to your king!
Star. get away from there!
(GRUNTS)
- No! (GRUNTS)
- (CROWD EXCLAIMS)
Asha!
(ASHA YELPING)
Well. hello. Asha.
So glad you could join us.
How's the whole
"taking your wish
into your own hands"
working out for you?
- Oh. wait.
- (GRUNTING)
I don't actually care.
- (CLINKING)
- Hello. there.
- Let's do this!
- Star!
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
- (GASPS)
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
No!
(CROWD EXCLAIMS)
Yes.
(WHIMPERS)
(LAUGHS)
Mirrors. mirrors on the wall.
who is the handsomest?
Me!
No!
- I win.
- (CROWD GASPING)
(SIGHS) Wishes
really do come true.
You don't deserve Star!
I told you. I decide!
(ASHA GRUNTS)
- (GRUNTS. LAUGHS)
- (ASHA GROANS)
- (CONTINUES LAUGHING)
- (PANTING)
- Oh! No. you don't!
- (GROANS WEAKLY)
There will be no wishing
on stars ever again!
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
In fact. there will
be no more hope.
no more dreams.
and no escape.
(LAUGHING MALICIOUSLY)
- (PANICKED SHOUTING)
- MAN: Run!
(GRUNTS)
(GASPING)
KING MAGNIFICO: No
chance to rise up.
- No one to tell any tales.
- (PEOPLE GRUNTING)
No one to challenge
me ever again!
(GRUNTING WEAKLY)
You... are...
nothing!
(ASHA GRUNTS)
(BREATH SHUDDERING)
(ALL GRUNTING AND PANTING)
We... are...
stars.
(SINGING) ♪ So. I look out ♪
♪ at the stars just like me ♪
(SOFT MUSIC PLAYING)
(CRYING SOFTLY)
♪ And I'm begging you ♪
♪ to see this as a sign ♪
(GROANING)
(GRUNTS. PANTS)
You really need to
learn to give up.
(BREATH SHUDDERING)
♪ 'Cause I know
that if you choose ♪
♪ To stand beside me ♪
- (GRUNTS)
- (ASHA GROANING)
(CHUCKLES)
- DAHLIA: ♪ We'll be ♪
♪ greater ♪ - (GASPS)
♪ Than all his magic combined ♪
♪ So. I make this wish ♪
(GRUNTS)
Silence!
- (QUEEN AMAYA GRUNTS)
- (CROWD GASPING)
BOTH: ♪ So. I make this wish ♪
♪ - So. I make this wish ♪
- (GRUNTS)
- (ALL GRUNT)
♪ To have something ♪
♪ more for us than this ♪
- (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS)
- (MALE CHORUS VOCALIZING)
(SCREAMS)
(ALL GRUNTING)
- (MUSIC TEMPO INCREASES)
- We've had generations
♪ Of expectations ♪
♪ Wondering why and
wondering when ♪
♪ We're past dipping
our toes in ♪
♪ We know it's do or ♪
♪ die. it's sink or swim ♪
♪ We were all confusing your ♪
♪ promises for protection ♪
♪ But we know what
we've got to do ♪
♪ Hope unchanging with ♪
♪ our wish held high ♪
♪ - The way you've ♪
♪ always ♪ - (GRUNTS)
♪ Taught us to ♪
- (MUSIC PAUSES)
- No! No! No!
Stop!
(ALL GRUNTING)
♪ - So. I look out at the ♪
♪ stars ♪- (MUSIC RESUMES)
♪ Just like me ♪
♪ And throw caution ♪
♪ - To every warning ♪
♪ sign ♪- (SCREAMS)
♪ What we do in this ♪
♪ moment is defining ♪
♪ And we can take ♪
♪ it on if we align ♪
♪ So. I make this wish ♪
No!
ALL:♪ To have something ♪
♪ more for us than this ♪
Those are my wishes!
♪ So. I make this wish ♪
♪ To have something more ♪
♪ - For us than ♪
♪ this ♪- (GRUNTING)
(MALE CHORUS VOCALIZING)
(YELLS. GRUNTS)
(STRAINING)
- (GRUNTS)
- (STAFF CLATTERS)
(MAGICAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(ALL CHEERING)
(SQUEAKS)
HAL: We did it!
BAZEEMA: They're free!
(CAPTIVATING MUSIC PLAYING)
(LAUGHING)
(MAN LAUGHS WITH JOY)
- My wish.
- It's beautiful.
I'm going to make it happen.
Oh. I can't wait to get started.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
This feeling.
Come home.
(SAKINA GASPS)
There you are.
(GASPS)
Oh. my beautiful wish.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF)
- Mama. you got your wish back.
- (SQUEAKS)
- (GASPS) My baby!
- (GASPS) Asha!
- (SIGHS OF RELIEF)
- I'm so happy for you.
(LAUGHTER)
(ASHA GASPS)
(GROANS SOFTLY)
Oh. this guy.
What do you have to
say for yourself?
Asha...
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I don't expect
you to forgive me.
I was just so scared I'd
have to live without...
well...
all of me. (INHALES SHAKILY)
And I wanted so badly
to believe in him.
So did I.
We all did.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Never trust a handsome face.
That's why I hang
out with you guys.
Aw. you get over here.
- (LAUGHING)
- (GABO STRAINING)
KING MAGNIFICO:
(MUFFLED) Hello?
Hello?
This is your King.
- (GASPS)
- Oh. Amaya. thank goodness!
Do you see what
they've done to me?
Hmm. Well. you do love mirrors.
That is not funny. Get
me out of here at once.
No.
- (MIRROR SQUEAKS)
- What?
After everything I've
done for you. for Rosas.
this is the thanks
I get? (GRUNTS)
This is the thanks you deserve.
Hang it on the wall...
in the dungeon.
KING MAGNIFICO: Please. no!
The dungeon smells really bad!
(CROWD CHEERING)
Long live the Queen!
CROWD: Long live the
Queen! Long live the Queen!
Long live the Queen!
(BELL TOLLS)
MAN: We never
needed Magnifico.
- Magnifico. Schmagnifico.
- Excuse us.
This way. this way.
She's just over here.
Queen Amaya. I found her!
- Your Majesty.
- (QUEEN AMAYA CHUCKLES)
I hear you long to fly.
Well. Peter here wants to
build a flying machine.
- Hi!
- You two should work together.
- (ASHA GASPS. CHUCKLES)
- Let me know how I can help.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- Hmm.
- (MAN WHISTLING)
- (GASPS)
(PLAYING LIVELY MUSIC)
I'm just getting started.
(STRUMMING PLEASING TUNE)
This is more than I could
have ever dreamed possible.
I dream of a utopian metropolis
where all mammals are equal.
- and wear clothes!
- Oh!
(SQUEAKS)
Wait. Where'd you go?
Ooh. I know.
- I'm sorry I broke it.
- (SQUEAKS)
(CROWD GASPING)
- (DING)
- (CROWD EXCLAIMING)
W-W-W-W-Wait.
- is that a magic wand?
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
Okay. thank you.
but no thank you.
I am no good with magic.
I mean. I put a dress on a tree.
- I will take it for her.
- Uh-uh.
It's for Asha.
- GABO: Ugh!
- (ASHA CHUCKLES)
But what am I supposed
to do with it?
Be our fairy godmother.
I mean. what else?
(SNORTS) No. I couldn't be that.
(ASHA CHUCKLES)
I could?
- (ASHA LAUGHING)
- (CROWD GASPING)
Thank you.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
Okay. (GASPS)
- (CROWD EXCLAIMS)
- Sorry!
- Clara!
- (CLUCKING)
(GRUNTS) And you wonder
- why I'm grumpy!
- (SIMON CHUCKLING)
- (SNICKERS)
- I'm sure she'll work on it
with Star. right?
Oh. no.
I know you too well now.
You're going soon. aren't you?
So you can be there for
others to wish upon.
(GROANS)
I will miss you. (SOBBING)
Oh. my voice is really
high when I cry.
- (SOBBING)
- Aw. Valentino.
Well. soon doesn't mean tonight.
Oh. thank goodness! (LAUGHS)
That was just too much for me.
I am only three
weeks old. after all.
Oh. Star. how can
we ever thank you?
(CHUCKLES)
That's easy.
- Just keep wishing.
- (STAR SQUEAKS)
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- (BAZEEMA CHUCKLES)
(MAJESTIC MUSIC PLAYING)
(DING)
(MUSIC ENDS)
♪ (A WISH WORTH MAKING BY ♪
♪ JULIA MICHAELS PLAYING) ♪
♪ Take it from someone like me ♪
♪ When your hopes
are in despair ♪
♪ If your desires have strings ♪
♪ Free them. give
them some air ♪
♪ 'Cause any wish ♪
♪ that's got your heart ♪
♪ On the edge of breaking ♪
♪ Is a wish worth making ♪
♪ Yeah. everybody dreams ♪
♪ To be something ♪
♪ someday somewhere ♪
♪ Even kings and queens ♪
♪ Daydream to be free ♪
♪ from their royal chairs ♪
♪ Well. any dream ♪
♪ that's got your heart ♪
♪ Even when you're
not sleeping ♪
♪ Is a dream worth dreaming ♪
♪ Yeah. we all
start as wildlings ♪
♪ Playin' in the sun ♪
♪ Then we grow up
with wild dreams ♪
♪ Just waitin' for
our day to come ♪
♪ So if hope schemes
against time ♪
♪ Tell them. "Be
nice. play fair" ♪
♪ Yeah. they may ♪
♪ kick and cry. yeah ♪
♪ But just show them ♪
♪ they're better when paired ♪
♪ 'Cause if they both ♪
♪ can hold your heart ♪
♪ There's no way
you're not sowing ♪
♪ A dream that will ♪
♪ never stop growing ♪
♪ Yeah. any wish ♪
♪ that's got your heart ♪
♪ On the edge of breaking ♪
♪ Is a wish worth making ♪
(STRUMMING GENTLE MELODY)
Oh-ho!
(STRUMMING DISNEY THEME MUSIC)
(CHUCKLES)
(GUITAR RENDITION OF DISNEY
THEME MUSIC CONTINUES)
(MUSIC ENDS)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org